# Moving to Org-based billing

- number: 17061
- published: 2023-08-31
- discussion: https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/17061
- labels: billing
- page: https://supabase.com/changelog/17061

---

We’re fixing the billing system at Supabase - moving from “project-based” to “organization-based”. We should have started with this model, but I wasn’t wise enough to know that when we started. We need to make these changes to roll out Preview Environments / Branching. It also includes:

- [long-requested](https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/6681) project transfers between organizations
- An extra 1GB egress on the Free Tier
- Consolidated invoices
- Self-serve Team plan
- Updates for branching
- No more “upfront” charges for Database Compute Addons

[See all changes in the blog post](https://supabase.com/blog/organization-based-billing)

## Free plan

First, and most importantly - there is only one change that affects the free plan, and that is a good one for you: you now an extra 1GB of egress. 

| Usage Item | Old plan (per project) | New plan (org based) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Egress | 4GB - (2GB Database + 2GB Storage) | 5GB across Database + Storage  |
| Database Space | 500MB  | 500MB |
| Storage Space | 1GB  | 1GB |
| Monthly Active Users | 50K | 50K |
| Edge Function Invocations | 500K | 500K |
| Edge Function Count | 10 | 10 |
| Realtime Message Count | 2 million | 2 million |
| Realtime Peak Connections | 200 | 200 |
|  | 2 free projects | 2 free orgs (1 free database per org) |

On top of an extra 1GB of egress for free, now that egress is unified across your org it means that if you aren’t using Supabase Storage, you get even more Database Egress (5GB instead of 2GB previously)

If you are currently running 2 free projects however, ***this does require some work from you***. Because we are now working on an Org-level, instead of Projects, you will need to:

1. Create a new “Free org”
2. Transfer one of your free projects into the newly-created org

This should be done before the end of October, but don’t worry - we’ll give you frequent comms and clear instructions once the change has been rolled out (4th Sept).

## Other changes

We’ve made a lot of improvements to the billing system. Read the full announcement on our [blog](https://supabase.com/blog/organization-based-billing) or dive into the related [docs](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/platform/org-based-billing) for more details.

## Help, my bill increased!

This is a major change, and we've tried to design it in a way that's cheaper for everyone. If your bill has increased as a result of this change, that's not our intention. Please submit a Support ticket [on the dashboard](https://supabase.com/dashboard/support/new?category=billing&subject=Organization%20based%20billing) and we'll figure out a solution.

## Please keep this discussion on topic

We welcome any questions/feedback about this change, but please keep this discussion focused only on this change! It's important for those who want to learn more or are confused. If you have something off-topic, please open a new discussion or join an existing discussion
