# Relaxing Database Size limit on Free Plan - 0.5 GB Database Size per project

- **number:** 33121
- **published:** 2025-01-27
- **discussion:** https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/33121
- **labels:** billing
- **page:** https://supabase.com/changelog/33121

---

> [!NOTE]  
> This is only relevant for Free Plan customers.

We've relaxed the Database Size limit on the Free Plan to be 0.5 GB per active project, rather than 0.5 GB for your entire Free Plan organization (previously included paused/deleted projects within your billing cycle). This will be beneficial in a few cases:

- When pausing or deleting projects, they will no longer count towards the Free Plan limit.
- When launching more than one project on the Free Plan, each project is allowed 0.5 GB Database Size, rather than a total of 0.5 GB (i.e. two projects using 0.25 GB).

**Before**
Every project that has been active at some point in your billing cycle counts towards the 0.5 GB Database Size limit. If you've deleted a project, the average Database Size will still count towards your limit. We sum up the average Database Size of all projects that are/have been active in the billing cycle. Two projects with 0.5 GB Database Size each equal a Database Size usage of 1 GB and therefore exceed the Free Plan quota.

**After**
We only limit active projects to a Database Size of 0.5 GB per project. Deleted or paused projects, even within the billing cycle, do not count towards your Database Size limits. As long as none of your active projects exceeds 0.5 GB Database Size, you'll stay within the Free Plan limits. Two projects with 0.5 GB Database Size each would still be within the Free Plan quota, as no project is exceeding 0.5 GB.
