# Feature Preview: Inline Editor

- **number:** 33690
- **published:** 2025-02-19
- **discussion:** https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/33690
- **labels:** frontend
- **page:** https://supabase.com/changelog/33690

---

## Write and run queries from anywhere in the dashboard

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5951fbb2-3db7-48e5-b4fa-7c83fbad3d2d

Today we are introducing a feature preview that gives you access to a new "inline editor". This is a SQL editor that is accessible from wherever you are in the dashboard. You can write or generate queries, run queries, view results, and save them to snippets if needed. It sits alongside other pages in the dashboard which makes it easy to reference tables, policies, functions, triggers etc while writing your queries.

As part of this preview we are also changing how you create and edit policies, triggers and functions to make use of this new inline editor. We often receive feedback around the existing UI based approach to creating policies, and our hope is that with the continued advancement of LLM's we can augment a plain SQL Editor with AI assistance vs needing a UI. The inline editor has access to an inline Assistant (press cmd + k while in editor) which will help you generate and modify queries.

**To enable the feature preview, click your profile avatar, click feature previews and enable inline editor**

## What we'd like to know from you

- When you use the inline editor, please tell us what you used it for, how the experience was, and what could be improved
- For each use case, try the inline assistant (via cmd + k) and provide feedback on the results. We want to continue to iterate on our prompts so that accuracy is as good as it can be
- How comfortable are you using an open editor with templates and AI guidance vs the existing UI based approach for policies and functions?
- Any other ideas or suggestions
