# Forthcoming Postgres 17 Release Notes

- **number:** 35851
- **published:** 2025-05-22
- **discussion:** https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/35851
- **labels:** infra
- **page:** https://supabase.com/changelog/35851

---

The upcoming release of Supabase Platform will use Postgres 17. The Postgres 17 bundle will no longer include the following Postgres extensions:

- `timescaledb`
- `plv8`
- `plls`
- `plcoffee`
- `pgjwt`

Existing projects will NOT be immediately impacted - the extensions will continue to be supported on Supabase Postgres 15, until the Supabase Platform “end of life” of Postgres 15 in approximately 1 year (May 2026).  However, the extensions will not receive further updates and fixes. Existing projects will need to drop the extensions before they can upgrade to Postgres 17.

This decision to deprecate these extensions was not made lightly, however these extensions are more complex than “standard” Postgres extensions and require additional support/testing that did not match the usage we see on the platform.

To address the capability gaps left by deprecating plv8 and timescaledb, we plan to include the pg_partman extension in a future Postgres 17 release and will provide documentation to help migrate Timescale hypertables to native Postgres partitioning at that time. For plv8 we recommend porting the logic to  Edge Functions, which offer greater scalability and flexibility. These changes are part of our ongoing efforts to streamline our platform, reduce operational complexity, and ensure long-term support for features that align closely with our user base.

If you have additional use-cases for these deprecated extensions, please [reach out to us](https://supabase.help/) and our Success team will work with you to find a solution.
