# Deprecation Notice: Dropping support for python's gotrue and supafunc

- **number:** 37798
- **published:** 2025-08-08
- **discussion:** https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/37798
- **labels:** python
- **page:** https://supabase.com/changelog/37798

---

As part of the restructuring of the python environments, both the `gotrue` and `supafunc` python packages are being deprecated, in favor of `supabase_auth` and `supabase_functions` respectively. 

`gotrue 2.12.4` and `supafunc 0.10.2` have both been published with no changes other than metadata changes, and including deprecation warnings when importing from them. 

> [!WARNING]
> Please note that `2.12.3` is the last version where both `gotrue` and `supabase_auth` are the same, and they will diverge going forward. The same is valid for `supafunc` and `supabase_functions` version `0.10.1`.

### Affected libraries
- [`supabase-py`](https://github.com/supabase/supabase-py)
- [`gotrue`](https://pypi.org/project/gotrue)
- [`supafunc`](https://pypi.org/project/supafunc)


### Timeline
**Package name changes:** December 14, 2024
**Deprecation Notice Issued:** August 8, 2025

### Why?
This name change has occurred in December 2024, in trying to keep name parity with the JavaScript libraries, but these old packages have been receiving the same updates through a script in the publishing workflow. As part of the python CI restructuring effort, it doesn't make sense to keep two versions of the same package around, and thus they're not going to receive patches anymore. 

### What You Need to Do
Change all package references from `gotrue` to `supabase_auth`, and `supafunc` to `supabase_functions`, in `pyproject.toml`, `setup.py`, or other package metadata formats, and change all direct imports from those libraries (`from gotrue import ...`) to importing from the new ones instead (`from supabase_auth import ...`). 

`supabase-py 2.18.1` will drop all usages of `gotrue` and `supafunc` from the main library. If you are using `gotrue` and `supafunc` directly as transitive dependencies, please prefer importing directly from `supabase` instead (see [this comment for more info](https://github.com/supabase/supabase-py/issues/1166#issuecomment-3165582673)).

> [!WARNING]
>  This is not going to be available for long, as feature differences are bound to occur sooner or later.

Thank you for your attention and continued support. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out through GitHub Discussions or our community channels.
