import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {
  id: 'functions-debugging',
  title: 'TypeScript Support',
  description: 'Using TypeScript in Deno Edge Functions.',
}

One of the benefits of Deno is that it treats TypeScript as a first class
language, just like JavaScript or Web Assembly, when running code in Deno. What
that means is you can run or import TypeScript without installing anything more
than the Deno CLI.

## How does it work?

At a high level, Deno converts TypeScript (as well as TSX and JSX) into
JavaScript. It does this via a combination of the
[TypeScript compiler](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript), which we build
into Deno, and a Rust library called [swc](https://swc.rs/). When the code has
been type checked and transformed, it is stored in a cache, ready for the next
run without the need to convert it from its source to JavaScript again.

## Strict by default

Deno type checks TypeScript in _strict_ mode by default, and the TypeScript core
team recommends _strict_ mode as a sensible default. This mode generally enables
features of TypeScript that probably should have been there from the start, but
as TypeScript continued to evolve, would be breaking changes for existing code.

## Mixing JavaScript and TypeScript

By default, Deno does not type check JavaScript. This can be changed, and is
discussed further in [Configuring TypeScript in Deno](https://deno.com/manual/advanced/typescript/configuration). Deno
does support JavaScript importing TypeScript and TypeScript importing
JavaScript, in complex scenarios.

An important note though is that when type checking TypeScript, by default Deno
will "read" all the JavaScript in order to be able to evaluate how it might have
an impact on the TypeScript types. The type checker will do the best it can to
figure out what the types are of the JavaScript you import into TypeScript,
including reading any JSDoc comments. Details of this are discussed in detail in
the [Types and type declarations](https://deno.com/manual/advanced/typescript/types) section.

## Type resolution

One of the core design principles of Deno is to avoid non-standard module
resolution, and this applies to type resolution as well. If you want to utilize
JavaScript that has type definitions (e.g. a `.d.ts` file), you have to
explicitly tell Deno about this. The details of how this is accomplished are
covered in the [Types and type declarations](https://deno.com/manual/advanced/typescript/types) section.

export const Page = ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta} children={children} />

export default Page
